What are you doing while you are old haha
Ha Baixue is proud
Hahaha dear dad
I said, thank you so much.
Do you know
That's a hundred
A congratulatory gift prepared by the clan for that adult
You are now a worker against the hundreds of ethnic groups.
Is it haha, feed more poison?
This son openly tarnishes the congratulatory gift to that one
This is inexhaustible for you.
This is also inexhaustible to the Qing army
You must punish this son severely
Yes, if you don't punish him severely
Wouldn't it be to let the hundred-foot WeChat sweep the floor?
At that time
Everyone dares to challenge the authority of the hundred feet
Dogs mess with him don't mess with him
Kill him kill him
What!
Is your God family using us as guns?
Ah, dare not!
Master Wang, you are serious.
It's serious.
Just now, you called more and more happily.
I misunderstood. I misunderstood.
Do I take us for fools?
What three bullshit families?
Really think
We didn't know you were broke?
Even in your heyday
He is not qualified to run wild with us
Who gave you the courage?
Trying to use the hundred ethnic groups as guns
What's up?
Hundred feet at the bottom
Don't forget it's hard
It is the territory of our three major families
Hey, long dragons can't beat ground snakes
Our three generals
I think it's hard to hit you
I told you
If not for the Qing army
I'll kill you now